Add error handling - update session (#12007)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcherRSA/ReleaseNotes/1_1_14.md

#### Integrations
##### RSA Archer v2

> - Added error handling to ***update session*** scenario when url is invalid and create session fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***update session*** function to better handle errors when a provided URL is invalid and the session fails to create.
```
